haha hey guys what's up its Friday
junior year and we're gonna be doing a
gameplay and commentary over some nice
ak-47 gameplay on what is this map
called discovery and I said hey this is
a good map to do for this and then let's
note the triple spray because guess what
it's snowing outside well it actually
stopped snowing last night but this is a
snowy map there's snow outside it's
October and it's all pretty crazy so
yeah I don't really I don't really have
a specific topic I'm gonna talk about in
this gameplay or commentary I guess you
could say but I'm just gonna be rambling
on about my thoughts and stuff that's
been going on lately and let's start
with the snow storm it's pretty insane
guys what's it called friday i left
school early and and i went to atlantic
city with my mom and my sister and then
all of a sudden we only plan to stay
there for the night and then the next
day we were going to go over to
pennsylvania and check out a college so
what we did was we left really really
really early in the morning in atlantic
city and we stayed in this hotel that I
usually don't stay and if you guys know
anything about Atlantic City you may not
heard it may not have heard of the
wyndham hotel it's pretty small but it's
very nice and it's pretty also i love
that hotel but we didn't stay there this
time we we stayed there we stayed at the
water club or borgata it's like
connected together it's the same hotel
kind of it's hard to explain but it's a
nice hotel it's just I kind of favor
when them a little more I guess it's a
little more family-oriented water club
is more just like casinos everywhere and
stuff but it's nice because there's like
some nice restaurants a nice a phase
that we always eat at so it's no big
deal anyways that's not the point we
left really early in the morning after
having breakfast at the hotel and we
left early the morning and as we're
walking out it's it's like pouring rain
it's pouring rain right and it's
freezing and it's windy and it's all
crazy well anyways we got out alive and
as we're driving to Pennsylvania I'm
I pretty much slept almost the entire
drive but it wasn't even that much of a
drive was like 45 minutes or whatever
but I wake up and it is snowing it's
like a blizzard out there it was insane
so I wasn't pretty crazy and when we
were at the College in Pennsylvania I
think it was a villanova we went to that
my sister's applying for or like I'm
pretty sure she already applied but we
went there and as we were in there all
the it was about some speech about
financial aid or whatever and the woman
kept cracking jokes about the weather
which was it was funny the first time
but I guess it got old after a while so
that was that it was pretty insane i
mean i don't think i've ever experienced
no in october and I'm almost 15 years
old so it's pretty cool so that was
pretty much why I didn't upload friday
or no i uploaded saturday so that's why
i didn't upload friday i was planning to
give you guys a game play friday and
then another one saturday and then
another one today sunday but i didn't
end up working out so my friday upload
ended up being Saturday's upload and
then I didn't have any commentary to
upload today so that's what I'm doing
now so that's pretty much my schedule at
this time Oh someone is calling me BRB
hey guys I'm back and that was pretty
crazy you know you're probably thinking
what do you mean he's back he was gone
for a second but uh what I actually did
right there was I cut off the commentary
and answered the phone call and it
turned it out turned out he was my mom
calling me telling me that our neighbors
wanted their driveway shoveled so I just
shovel their driveway and so I was gone
for quite a few uh for nine hours I
guess quite a few minutes maybe half
hour but anyways that's not the point
that's a pretty interesting thing you
guys should probably know about I do
that sometimes let's say someone
interrupts meet in the middle of the
commentary I'll probably uh you know
i'll stop the commentary and then i'll
redo it but it sounds like i'm still
doing it so if you guys can never point
that out i guess i'll start doing that
now in the description i'll say i cut
off this commentary at some point and
i'll ask you guys to try and find out
where i cut it off it'll be a fun little
game of ours so it's just a heads up on
an interesting thing i do when i do my
commentary if i ever get interrupted so
yeah that's it and also my dad had
called me too and he said he wanted me
to know if the red bulls game was still
on because if you guys don't know the
local soccer team here professional
soccer team is the new york red bulls
and I go to see him a lot and I'm seeing
them today actually in a few hours but
we weren't sure if the game is still on
because of that snowstorm but it turns
out it is so that's pretty awesome i'm
psyched for it the semi-finals playing
los angeles in the playoffs and i'm very
stoked so go back to this gameplay i'll
give you guys some tips what i like to
do sometimes on this map is this is when
the enemies are spawning uh whatever
flag that is from i'm faced and will not
now I don't know the flight as Matt see
flag I just looked at the screen see
flag when they're swarming see flag it's
fun it's not fun but it's good to camp
over there all behind that thing and
head glitch because a lot of enemies
like to run down that little walkway
path thing where the where it can be
destroyed right where I'm aiming so it's
good to camp behind that thing because
you're gonna get a lot of kills and
that's usually how I like to start my
start my game on this map so yeah just a
small little tip for playing
discovery and I hear catch my dogs and I
guess I'll go over my set up this game
use an ak-47 dual mag flak jackets laid
a hand tactical mask just as a guest
because i always use that but uh my
killer set up is the Blackbird chopper
gunner dogs and yeah pretty much what I
do this gameplay is I wasn't playing
with any friends or anything so I wasn't
trying to hold any type of spawn trap
I'll just run around getting some kills
you know playing defensive at times
playing aggressive at times and whenever
you get your blackboard or dogs it's
good to rush like I am here like I'm
doing here because when you have your
dogs out the enemies are being
suppressed by oh do I get to kill I
think I got a hitmarker right here no I
always screw around like that but it
it's good to a rush to get your
blackboard dogs because the enemies are
already being distracted by the dogs so
you you could just run in there while
they're trying to kill your dogs and get
free kills and then when you have a
blackbird it's pretty obvious why you
would rush because you know exactly
where the enemies are you know exactly
the movements are gonna make it that's
pretty much it guys I hope you enjoyed
this commentary I hope you guys enjoyed
the tips I gave and all my stories I
told and I will see you all later and
remember to leave a like if you enjoyed
the video see you all later